[distant siren noise]
[crickets chirping]
[horse neighing]
[serene orchestral music]
[music ends]
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
[lively rock music]
♪From the moment we met
you could see♪
♪that I was filled with desire.♪
[dog barks]
♪Only one thing in common♪
♪oh baby but our love
is pure fi-re.♪
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
♪As sure as the birds
ought to sing.♪
♪I wouldn't ask you
to change one thing.♪
♪So be yourself.♪
♪Try to have a good time.♪
♪Be yourself.♪
♪Try to have a
Ha ha ha ha yeah.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha
yeah yeah.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha yeah.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha
yeah yeah.♪
♪I'm wanting you
like the desert wants a drink.♪
and the whole kitchen sink.♪
♪So be yourself.♪
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
♪And try to have a good time.♪
♪Be yourself.♪
♪Try to have a good time.♪
♪Ah ah be yourself.♪
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
♪Ha ha ha ha yeah.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha ye-ah.♪
[crosstalk]
♪Ha ha ha ha
yeah yeah.♪
[everyone cheering]
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
♪Ha ha ha ha
yeah yeah.♪
-Come on!
♪Maybe a ramblin' man
but I can't♪
♪can't be your one
if you allow it.♪
♪You're a mystery so deep♪
♪Archimedes wouldn't think
of trying to figure out it.♪
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
♪I need you like
bacon needs eggs.♪
♪I need you and there's
nothing more to say.♪
♪So be yourself.♪
♪And try to have a good time.♪
♪Be yourself.♪
[crowd cheering]
♪And try to have a
Ha ha ha ha yes.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha ye-ah.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha yeah.♪
♪Ha ha ha ha yeah.♪♪
[Nintendo Switch Snap]
[multiple people]
-Nintendo Switch!
[music ends]